Implement new `pie` and `pie-light` styles (#1238)
httpie/httpie: docs/README.md

You can choose your preferred color scheme via the `--style` option if you don’t like the default one.
There are dozens of styles available, here are just a few notable ones:

|     Style  | Description                                                                                                                          |
| ---------: | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
|     `auto` | Follows your terminal ANSI color styles. This is the default style used by HTTPie                                                    |
|  `default` | Default styles of the underlying Pygments library. Not actually used by default by HTTPie. You can enable it with `--style=default`  |

> | `pie-dark` | HTTPie's original brand style. Also used in the HTTPie for Web and Desktop.                                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `pie-dark` | HTTPie’s original brand style. Also used in [HTTPie for Web and Desktop](https://httpie.io/product).                                                          |
```

|`pie-light` | Like `pie-dark`, but for terminals with light background colors.                                                                     |

> |      `pie` | A general version of `pie-dark` and `pie-light` themes that can work with any terminal background                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|      `pie` | A generic version of `pie-dark` and `pie-light` themes that can work with any terminal background. Its universality requires compromises in terms of legibility, but it’s useful if you frequently switch your terminal between dark and light backgrounds.                                    |
```
